Open with a bang! Scene with action, bonding PCs from the get go. A menacing but easy fight like the bridge in "The Well".
A week ago, the PCs were in a travel caravan that was set upon by raiders. The raiders turned the captives over to a bunch of weirdos. They are now in a caged wagon on the way to somewhere. The wagons are pulled by arged and sickly animals.
It is hot and the PCs are weak, hungry, and thirsty. An old man is with them int the wagon. One of the weirdos tosses them some scraps to eat. Two of the PCs get some. The other PCs and the old man get none. Do they share and with who?
At dawn, a band of cataphracts (the woman is second in command) from a nearby city (you can see smoke on the horizon) attacks the weirdos and frees some of the captives, but not all. The PCs must ask to be freed.
The woman reluctantly fees the PCs. She will toss them a gourd of water if asked or if the PCs do/say something of note.
The cataphracts slay the weirdo leaders and take the special captives with them (they are nobles of the city).
The weirdo underlings and other captives, some freed some not, are left to their own devices. Some of the weridos flee. A fight breaks out.
The PCs can:
1. recover their gear
2. loot dead weirdos and search for other gear
3. free other captives the cataphracts did not free
4. participate in the fight or pick a fight
It will start to get very hot. The PCs will head to the smoke, as that is the only sign of life and that's where the cataphracts went and where some of the othre freed captives are headed.

Key NPCs:
The woman cataphract
The captured old man
The guard with sharpened teeth
A freed captive who knows the city

XP
Tally Gold, Monsters, etc. per Book
Did you follow your Moral Code? 10%
Did you Risk of Sacrifice something for Big Dream? 10%
Did you Risk/Sacrifice something for the party or member of the party? 10%

Character Prompt
Step One: Come Up with a Prompt
Think about your favorite character from that Netflix series again. Think about what they were like when the show first started. In a single, short phrase, how would you describe that character? That’s how you describe a newly-minted RPG character too. One short phrase with room enough for one or two ideas. A motivation, a simple trait, a defining moment. That’s all.

Bathar is a dishonored ex-soldier trying to redeem himself.
(Give more examples)

Step Two: Keep that Prompt Handy
That prompt? Write it down. Type it out. Don’t just keep it in your head. Put it somewhere on your character sheet. Somewhere you can see it.

Step Three: Refer Back to Your Prompt
At the start of every game session, read your prompt to yourself. Read it again whenever something happens in the game that feels big or important. Read it whenever you have to make a choice and you don’t know what to do.

Step Four: Trust Your Character
Did you come up with a prompt? Did you write it down? Do you refer back to it? Great! Don’t do anything else. Don’t analyze your character. Don’t explain your character. Don’t change your prompt. Don’t write stories about your character. Just refer to the prompt whenever you have to. And then do whatever feels right. Make whatever choices seem best. Gradually, the character will grow in your head. They’ll start making choices. They’ll start talking out of your mouth. It will happen. You just have to give the character space to grow and time to grow in.


My character is a/n [ADJECTIVE] [NOUN] with [NOUN/CONCEPT] who wants [NOUN/CONCEPT]

One-line Backstory and Motivation
Groo is a stupid barbarian who wants gold.

Session 0
Death may happen, we will get you a new character asap
How XP is awarded
